Doc Updates (#159)
astronomer/terraform-provider-astro: templates/guides/import-script.md

---
page_title: "Use Terraform Import Script to migrate existing resources"
---

# Use Import Script to migrate existing resources

> The Astro Terraform Import Script is a tool designed to help you import existing Astro resources into your Terraform configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Astro Terraform Import Script helps you import existing Astro resources into your Terraform configuration.
```

> In this guide, we will migrate an existing Workspace, API token and Team into Terraform using the Terraform Import Script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will migrate an existing Workspace, API token and Team into Terraform using the Terraform Import Script.
```

> ### Import Script options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Import Script Options
```

Author: Following the Astronomer docs style guide, we wouldnt capitalize "options" here. I will bump up the header level though.

- `-resources`: Comma-separated list of resources to import. Accepted values are 
`workspace`, `deployment`, `cluster`, `api_token`, `team`, `team_roles`,and `user_roles`. If not provided, all resources are imported.

> -> Ensure you have the necessary permissions in your Astro organization to access the resources you're attempting to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> Ensure you have the necessary permissions in your Astro Organization to access the resources you're attempting to import. See [Astro User Permissions Reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/user-permissions) for more information.
```

> - `-token`: API token to authenticate with the Astro platform. If not provided, the script will attempt to use the ASTRO_API_TOKEN environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `-token`: API token to authenticate with the Astro platform. If not provided, the script will attempt to use the `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable.
```

- `-organizationId`: Organization ID to import resources from.

> - `-runTerraformInit`: Run terraform init after generating the import configuration. Used for initializing the Terraform state in our GitHub Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-runTerraformInit`: Run `terraform init` after generating the import configuration. Used for initializing the Terraform state in our GitHub Actions.
```

- `-help`: Display help information.

## Prerequisites

> - An [Astro](https://www.astronomer.io/product/) organization with a Workspace, Team, and API token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An [Astro](https://www.astronomer.io/product/) Organization with a Workspace, Team, and API token
```

- An initialized Terraform working directory

## Step 1: Download the Import Script

> 1. Download the `terraform-provider-astro-import-script` executable file from [releases](https://github.com/astronomer/terraform-provider-astro/releases) based on your OS and architecture. For this guide, the script will be `terraform-provider-astro-import-script_v0.1.3_darwin_arm64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the `terraform-provider-astro-import-script` executable file from the [Astro Terraform Provider releases](https://github.com/astronomer/terraform-provider-astro/releases) based on your OS and architecture. For this guide, the script will be `terraform-provider-astro-import-script_v0.1.3_darwin_arm64`.
```

## Step 2: Run the Import Script

-> Make sure you run `terraform init` before using the Import Script, or use the `-runTerraformInit` option when running the Import Script.

> 1. Authenticate with Astro by creating an [API token](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/organization-api-tokens#create-an-organization-api-token) with the **organization owner** role and configure it as an `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Authenticate with Astro by creating an [API token](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/organization-api-tokens#create-an-organization-api-token) with the **Organization owner** role and configure it as an `ASTRO_API_TOKEN` environment variable:
```

```
export ASTRO_API_TOKEN=&lt;your-api-token&gt;
```

> 2. If you are using a Unix-based systems, add execute permission to the script file: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are using a Unix-based systems, add execute permissions to the script file: 
```

```
chmod +x terraform-provider-astro-import-script_&lt;version-number&gt;_&lt;os&gt;_&lt;arc&gt;
```

> 3. Run the Import Script. Insert the script's version, your computer's operating system, and your computer's architecture for `<version-number>`, `<os>` and `<arc>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the Import Script. Insert the script's version, your computer's operating system, and your computer's architecture for `<version-number>`, `<os>`, and `<arc>`.
```

- On Unix-based systems:
```
./terraform-provider-astro-import-script_&lt;version-number&gt;_&lt;os&gt;_&lt;arc&gt; [options]
```
- On Windows:

```
.\terraform-provider-astro-import-script_&lt;version-number&gt;_&lt;os&gt;_&lt;arc&gt;.exe [options]
```

> To import your existing Workspace, API token and Team, specify those resources with the `-resources` option. The other option you will need to specify is `-organizationId`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import your existing Workspace, API token and Team, specify those resources with the `-resources` option. The other option you need to specify is `-organizationId`:
```

Successfully deleted generated.tf
terraform.tfstate does not exist, no need to delete
astro_team.team_&lt;team-id&gt: Preparing import... [id=&lt;team-id&gt]
astro_api_token.api_token_cm2c9slvb08p601n3lb4jljps: Preparing import... [id=cm2c9slvb08p601n3lb4jljps]
astro_workspace.workspace_&lt;workspace-id&gt: Preparing import... [id=&lt;workspace-id&gt]
astro_workspace.workspace_&lt;workspace-id&gt: Refreshing state... [id=&lt;workspace-id&gt]
astro_api_token.api_token_&lt;api_token-id&gt: Refreshing state... [id=&lt;api_token-id&gt]
astro_team.team_&lt;team-id&gt: Refreshing state... [id=&lt;team-id&gt]

Terraform will perform the following actions:

...

Plan: 3 to import, 0 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.

Terraform has generated configuration and written it to generated.tf. Please review the configuration and edit it as
necessary before adding it to version control.

Note: You didn't use the -out option to save this plan, so Terraform can't guarantee to take exactly these actions if you
run "terraform apply" now.
Import process completed. Summary:
Resource workspace processed successfully
Resource api_token processed successfully
Resource team processed successfully
```

> -> If you import Deployments, they will not count torwards the `Plan: 3 to import, 0 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy` line of the output even when the Deployments are successfully imported.

Reviewer 2: add a note that this is a known issue right now and will be fixed in the future?

> -> If you import Deployments, they will not count torwards the `Plan: 3 to import, 0 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy` line of the output even when the Deployments are successfully imported. This is a known issue and is in the process of being fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> If you import Deployments, they don't count towards the `Plan: 3 to import, 0 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy` line of the output, even when the Deployments are successfully imported. This is a known issue and is in the process of being fixed.
```

## Step 3: Review output

> The script will generate two main files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script generates two main files:
```

- `import.tf`: Contains the Terraform import blocks for the specified resources.
- `generated.tf`: Contains the Terraform resource configurations for the imported resources.

> The generated Terraform configurations may require some manual adjustment to match your specific requirements or to resolve any conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated Terraform configurations might require some manual adjustment to match your specific requirements or to resolve any conflicts.
```

## Step 4: Extract and organize resources

> The `generated.tf` file that is created by the Import Script will contain all of the specified resources in one file. It is recommended that you extract and modularize the resources so they are easily maintained and reusable. This is an example of a well structured Terraform project for managing Astro infrastructure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `generated.tf` file created by the Import Script contains all of the specified resources in one file. Astronomer recommends that you extract and modularize the resources so they are easily maintained and reusable. The following example shows a well structured Terraform project for managing Astro infrastructure:
```
